Hi girls today the video the town 5
well I'll show you guys
have the ones I used most in this
season that passed spring summer
2013 or 2014 and so although we have
recently entered in autumn people
She's never too much, she's always
use the chair because even the tone
winter in those hot days that
during the day you really feet
ask for something more comfortable more open
more fresh
so the lines they never go out of style
this cure is
She's very different, she's a creep.
people who actually are like a handkerchief
here comes and silences floral and it stays
very beautiful in her foot she also asks for a
something delicate and in the latter
seasons this spring summer floral
I was very up and very tall even
so I used a lot of it unfortunately not
never photograph her with her blog
but I'll make one with her soon
photograph for you, she looks beautiful and
out that it turns into 100
if you want to be as
were the sneakers in a why excellence
what girls they leave you can pull
This handkerchief is replacing
another bid is with this stamp
different or even as a handkerchief from a
Smooth color anyway so you can have
always a new creep using same
This is how I am born and my love is very
It has not been long since this line is very
beautiful is the brand via one as you
You can have a look here and she 's
this thing like a bronze
It's a very beautiful bronze and so I love it.
drawing that she does here in the chest
is on the top of the foot and here comes this
You know, braided I do not know, I guess.
It looks beautiful, even though it's super
delicate and these pebbles that is a
Very beautiful topic, I love this one.
creepy
it was passion at first sight my love
hit my face then also the good
this one that was here is one I bought
most recent, but the newest but already
I used it enough at the end of
week I bought her I used end
All week long, I know I was buying
riachuelo and I paid very cheaply
her people this is the date it was 49 90
and it's a very neat battery looks only
She's velvet is her stuff.
which is all velvet and then she has that
detail 15 kinds rings in golden she
it's not people she looks fantastic you
have no idea she smokes a lot and is a
show to have this look
so the sleeker chic she gives
so it ends up going to several
Several book environments so I loved it.
I found a great investment
because for the value 49 90 not very good
very good indeed
the third rasteirinhas was not the 4a 4a
it would be people, this is the one that I love
this back of your kind here
rear line here
She is very basic in front of her.
just here, this track so not here
This queue is pretty basic, but
here I find it very cool down the street
she gives a very nice thing and I think
that everyone has to have a
White rasteirinha because this line
white will fall well with all kinds of
coura print will match all
the luxuries so keep white beard is
I love very much essential that here it's
brand but that's me I bought her
It is also more or less a year in
mall salvador I paid something at
140 160 breeds for her more
was also a great investment that already
I used a lot of creeps and it 's very
line of this top five is
I love her, I love her too.
very beautiful sandal looks lonely
Look at boys, how beautiful she is.
kind of like a visual sort of
gladiator and what I like best about her
It's also the color because she has this
Little baby so mean, right, I guess.
so delicate so cool it looks so beautiful on
Her foot is very beautiful and she is of the
I know if it will pay and and it is Dada drumond
good and dodo is not my god of the hill
I think she rather people I think of lot
and I was me so she was a find in
It's true because I bought it in a mega
promotion
she is super super super guy she was
229 90 normal price of it and I want
for a long time when I was 229
I will not give thought in a real 230
if it was a sandal of
Jump's there will once again it will not
ready, he said, looking in the window.
of the store that had seen her at the store
was all with 70% off
recently
I did not think twice about my room.
would god want $ 230 I paid with 69
so it was a mega promotion so
It was an ax mega and I already used it.
some twice
There the video of toxic and
count in the video comments from which
she would be osmar liked this top 5 and
I want to thank you that watched.
kiss cause kiss